I was at a table center the night before yesterday.
Today I’m talking about news. Many people are selling the missing parts.
Later, I was secretly accepted by Liu Huan.
It's okay, just worry about your name first.
We at Qiulou are on site. but,
Leaks are the threat this time.
And Qiu Gong. By the way,
I prepared a gift for him. Help me give it to him.
This way I will have my usual hair.
It seems that the money from Lin Kai is still there.
I just don’t know if the money is enough.
Li Zhu, will you come in? You're here just in time.
Leave this to you too. Is it something?
The most important thing for him now is to contain the shares.
It must be the time when I am most short of money, and this is what I have in this card.
nothing much
But I should be lucky
You are so kind to Mr. Lu
let him come along
Too changed
You are a grown man
Why are so many words right?
You are happy with me
This was him a few days ago
He forgot about the gift I prepared for you.
Let me teach you and you agree
I mean it